docs: deprecation notice (#6269)
npm/cli: docs/lib/content/commands/npm-bin.md

<!-- AUTOGENERATED USAGE DESCRIPTIONS -->

> Note: This command is deprecated in future versions of npm 9.0.0 and above. Please read the [release notes](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-10-24-npm-v9-0-0-released/), which include that `npx command` is now a replacement for `$(npm bin)/command`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This command is deprecated in future versions of npm 9.0.0 and above. Please read the [release notes](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-10-24-npm-v9-0-0-released/), which include that `npx command` is a replacement for `$(npm bin)/command` (as of npm v5)
```
